[Guide - The New Architecture] Fabric Components as Native Components (#3040)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/the-new-architecture/backward-compatibility-fabric-components.md

title: Fabric Components as Native Components
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import constants from '@site/core/TabsConstants';
import BetaTS from './\_markdown_beta_ts_support.mdx';

:::info
The creation of a backward compatible Fabric Component requires the knowledge of how to create a Fabric Component. To recall these concepts, have a look at this [guide](pillars-fabric-components).

Fabric Components only work when the New Architecture is properly setup. If you already have a library that you want to migrate to the New Architecture, have a look at the [migration guide](../new-architecture-intro) as well.
:::

Creating a backward compatible Fabric Component lets your users continue leverage your library, independently from the architecture they use. The creation of such a component requires a few steps:

> 1. Configure the library so that dependencies are not installed in the old architecture.

Reviewer: Same as for the other PR (I would omit duplicated comments so we resolve them only once)

<Tabs groupId="fabric-component-backward-compatibility"
      defaultValue={constants.defaultFabricComponentSpecLanguage}
      values={constants.fabricComponentSpecLanguages}>
<TabItem value="Flow">

```ts
// @flow
import { requireNativeComponent } from 'react-native';

const isFabricEnabled = global.nativeFabricUIManager != null;

const myComponent = isFabricEnabled
  ? require('./MyComponentNativeComponent').default
  : requireNativeComponent('MyComponent');

export default myComponent;
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="TypeScript">

```ts
import requireNativeComponent from 'react-native/Libraries/ReactNative/requireNativeComponent';

const isFabricEnabled = global.nativeFabricUIManager != null;

const myComponent = isFabricEnabled
  ? require('./MyComponentNativeComponent').default
  : requireNativeComponent('MyComponent');

export default myComponent;
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Whether you are using Flow or TypeScript for your specs, we understand which architecture is running by checking if the `global.nativeFabricUIManager` object has been set or not.

:::caution

> The `global.nativeFabricUIManager` API may change in the future for a function that encapsulate this check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the New Architecture is still experimental. The `global.nativeFabricUIManager` API might change in the future for a function that encapsulate this check.
```
